Add 4.15.3 relese note (#3602)
apache/bookkeeper: site3/website/src/pages/release-notes.md

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
# Release notes

## 4.15.3

Release 4.15.3 includes multiple bug fixes and some dependencies CVE fixes.

Apache BookKeeper users are encouraged to upgrade to 4.15.3.
The technical details of this release are summarized below.

### Notice

> * We introduced a break change for the RocksDB configuration in 4.15.0 but didn't consider the compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.15.0 introduced a breaking change about the RocksDB configuration in 4.15.0. Release 4.15.3 allows users to safely upgrade from 4.14.x without loosing the RocksDB runtime configuration
```

> * 4.15.0 introduced a breaking change about the RocksDB configuration in 4.15.0. Release 4.15.3 allows users to safely upgrade from 4.14.x without loosing the RocksDB runtime configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 4.15.0 introduced a breaking change in the RocksDB configuration in 4.15.0. Release 4.15.3 allows users to safely upgrade from 4.14.x without losing the RocksDB runtime configuration
```

  For more details, refer to https://lists.apache.org/thread/drh4p5prxbcs8gszhxnd1xsv0g48vvbt
  See [PR #3523](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3523)

> * We handled Timeout Exception in Recovery. The exception will change from `LedgerRecoveryException` to `TimeoutException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Timeout exceptions are now handled in a better way during reads.
```

### Highlights

#### Dependency updates

* Upgrade dependencies for CVE-2022-3171 and CVE-2022-42003. [PR #3579](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3579)
* Bump jackson version to 2.13.4 . [PR #3518](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3518)

#### Bugs

* Fix ByteBuf memory leak problem when setExplicitLac. [PR #3557](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3577)
* Flush time started moved to after lock. [PR #3570](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3570)
* Skip replicasCheck when replication disabled. [PR #3563](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3563)
* Skipping placementPolicyCheck when ledger replication disabled. [PR #3561](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3561)
* Fix the deadlock when only using io thread to handle request. [PR #3480](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3480)
* Fix memory leak when reading entry but the connection disconnected. [PR #3528](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3528)
* Fix byteBuf potential memory leak problem. [PR #3525](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3525)
* LedgerOpenOp: Do not call blocking close() in the callback. [PR #3513](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3513)

> * Rename success with writableResult and update final writableResult about wait writeSet. [PR 3505](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3505)

Author: ```suggestion
* Rename success with writableResult and update final writableResult about wait writeSet. [PR #3505](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3505)
```

> * Fix close ledgerAuditorManager repeatedly. [PR #3503](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3503)

Reviewer 3: Uniform style?  [PR #3505]

Reviewer: I agree but it's not about style, it's about content and it must be crystal clear to users

> * Fix close ledgerAuditorManager repeatedly. [PR #3503](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3503)

Author: ```suggestion
* Avoid closing the ledgerAuditorManager twice in the close method. [PR #3503](https://github.com/apache/bookkeeper/pull/3503)
```
